exercism: add page (#7571)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/exercism.md

# exercism

> > Command-interface for downloading and solving problems on exercism.org  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Command-interface for downloading and solving problems on exercism.org.
```

> More information: <https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally>.

> - Download an exercise:

Reviewer 2: I guess we should put in the `configure` subcommand as well
```suggestion
- Configure exercism with application token and preferred workspace:

`exercism configure --token={{your-application-token}} --workspace={{/path/to/preferred/workspace}}`

- Download an exercise:
```

> `exercism download --exercise=<exercise-slug> --track=<track-slug>`

Reviewer: We use token syntax for arguments
```suggestion
`exercism download --exercise={{exercise_slug}} --track={{track_slug}}`
```

- Submit an exercise:

> `exercism submit <implementation_file_path>`

Reviewer: We use this placeholder for files
```suggestion
`exercism submit {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Print out the path to the solution workspace:

Reviewer: `print` is more clear for non-English speakers
```suggestion
- Print the path to the solution workspace:
```

# exercism

> > Command-interface for downloading and solving problems on exercism.org.

Reviewer: We avoid hostnames/URLs in the command description.
```suggestion
> Download and solve problems from the command-line.
```

> More information: <https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally>.

> - Configure application token and preferred workspace for Exercism:

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Configure the application token and the preferred workspace for Exercism:
```

Reviewer 2: +1 for @sbrl 's suggestion

> - Configure exercism with application token and preferred workspace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure application token and preferred workspace for Exercism:
```

`exercism configure --token={{your-application-token}} --workspace={{/path/to/preferred/workspace}}`

> - Download a specific exercise:

Reviewer 3: Is there no way to list exercises? If there is, that should be an example directly before this one.

Reviewer 2: As per my knowledge, i do not think there is a way to list the exercises :(
We can `download/submit`

> - Download an exercise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download a specific exercise:
```
